# Pizza-Game
Cloudy With A Chance Of Pizza is a lively arcade video game where players take on the role of a nimble pizza chef amidst a sky filled with delicious toppings. As clouds drift across the screen, laden with pepperoni, mushrooms, and more, players must deftly maneuver their pizza dough to catch the falling ingredients and complete orders. With its charming graphics, fast-paced gameplay, and mouthwatering fun, CWACOP promises an entertaining experience for players of all ages. Cloudy with a Chance of Pizza is a classic 'dropper' game with a twist. The quintissential process of pizza-making is given an air of whimsy through falling toppings and retro style graphics designed in-house by graphic designer Laurel. Besides being aesthetically pleasing, our graphics are also highly precise, and feature pixel-perfect collision between the toppings and pizza. We feature a simple monetary system that encourages order accuracy and repeat play-ability. An accurately filled order will be rewarded with a tip, while a botched order will result in nothing. At the end of the game, the player is given their accrued money as a type of score, enhancing the play experience and encouraging improvement. Our game can be downloaded off of github.com, in our repository called Pizza-Game. The website associated with our game, (https://legendary-telegram-wop7vvr.pages.github.io/), also offers in-depth instructions on how to properly run the game. First, ensure that the Python module Pygame is installed. Instructions on this can be found in the start official Pygame 'Getting Started' reference material: https://www.pygame.org/wiki/GettingStarted. Then, run the 'main.py' file included within the repository files. This will allow for a full play-through of the game. 
